Set JVM to half request memory in NodePools when jvm is not provided (#558)
Opster/opensearch-k8s-operator: docs/designs/crd.md

        <td>string</td>
        <td>JVM args. Use this to define heap size (recommendation: Set to half of memory request)</td>
        <td>false</td>

>         <td>-Xmx512M -Xms512M if `resources.requests.memory` is not set. It set to half of `resources.requests.memory` is not set.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Half of `resources.requests.memory` if jvm is not set. Fallback value is `-Xmx512M -Xms512M` if neither `resources.requests.memory` nor jvm are set.</td>
```
